---
title: Frequently Asked Questions
category: documentation
date: 2014-03-31 13:45:00
bookmark: faq
---

**What versions of PowerPoint does PowerPointLabs work with?**
<br />PowerPointLabs supports PowerPoint 2010, 2013 and 2016 on Windows.

**Does PowerPointLabs support Mac Office?**
<br />It does not work for Mac Office at the moment.

**Do I need PowerPointLabs installed when I present?**
<br />Nope! The presentations created with PowerPointLabs can be opened and presented even without the plugin installed - you can display them on other computers without needing to install the plugin on them.

**How do I get new versions of PowerPointLabs?**
<br />You don't need to do a thing; PowerPointLabs will update itself automatically. 

**Will PowerPointLabs work with my templates?**
<br />Definitely! PowerPointLabs works fine with any PowerPoint template.

**When I install PowerPointLabs, This message box shows up:**
> “A corrupted system file is detected. 
> In order to install our add-in, you may need to rename the file [VSTOInstaller.exe.Config] in the folder ... to the new filename [VSTOInstaller.exe.Config.backup]. 
> However, in some PCs, the corrupted system file won't affect the installation. 
> Click OK button to continue.”.

**What should I do?**
<br />You can click the OK button to proceed. If installation fails and installer shows any error message, you will need to install again, follow the instruction in the message box to rename the file [VSTOInstaller.exe.Config], and then continue installation.

**After install, no PowerPointLabs ribbon appears?**
<br />Restart PowerPoint, see if it appears. If not, follow these steps to re-activate PowerPointLabs:
<br />1. In the PowerPoint application, click the **_File tab_** at the top left corner.
<br />2. Click the **_Options_** button.
<br />3. In the categories pane, click **_Add-ins_**.
<br />4. In the **_Manage box_**, click **_Go_**.
<br />5. **_Tick the checkbox_** for PowerPointLabs to enable it, click OK and restart PowerPoint.
<br /><br />If it still does not work, follow these steps:
<br />6. Open PowerPoint **_Options_**.
<br />7. Click **_Trust Center_** (the last tab).
<br />8. Click **_Trust Center Settings..._** button in the Trust Center tab. A Trust Center window will be open.
<br />9. Click **_Add-ins tab_** in the **_Trust Center_** window
<br />10. **_Uncheck all_** checkboxes in it.
<br />11. After that, repeat step 1~5 to enable PowerPointLabs